Create 2025-09-25-br-playwright-ga-stagehand-limits.mdx (#25401)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/browser-rendering/2025-09-25-br-playwright-ga-stagehand-limits.mdx

---
title: Browser Rendering Playwright GA, Stagehand support (Beta), and higher limits
description: Browser Rendering birthday week announcements
products:
  - browser-rendering
date: 2025-09-25T12:00:00Z
---

> We’re shipping three updates to Browser Rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’re shipping three updates to Browser Rendering:
```

- Playwright support is now Generally Available and synced with [Playwright v1.55](https://playwright.dev/docs/release-notes#version-155), giving you a stable foundation for critical automation and AI-agent workflows.
- We’re also adding [Stagehand support (Beta)](/browser-rendering/platform/stagehand/) so you can combine code with natural language instructions to build more resilient automations.
- Finally, we’ve tripled [limits](/browser-rendering/platform/limits/#workers-paid) for paid plans across both the [REST API](/browser-rendering/rest-api/) and [Workers Bindings](/browser-rendering/workers-bindings/) to help you scale.

> To get started with Stagehand, check out this [example guide](/browser-rendering/platform/stagehand/) that uses Stagehand and [Workers AI](/workers-ai/) to search for a movie on this [example movie directory](https://demo.playwright.dev/movies), extract its details using natural language (title, year, rating, duration, and genre), and return the information along with a screenshot of the webpage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with Stagehand, refer to the [Stagehand](/browser-rendering/platform/stagehand/) example that uses Stagehand and [Workers AI](/workers-ai/) to search for a movie on this [example movie directory](https://demo.playwright.dev/movies), extract its details using natural language (title, year, rating, duration, and genre), and return the information along with a screenshot of the webpage.
```
